We live in Colorado. Installed 24 panels on our barn roof. Leased them so our cost was $8,000. These panels produced all the energy needed for our home. In the daytime, we generated more electricity than needed which was fed to the grid. At night, when the sun went down, we drew from the grid. Used a solar panel rake when it snowed to keep the panels clear which worked perfectly. Solar is not just for Africa. We had all the appliances, a hot tub, etc. Right now the US offers a 30% tax breaks and solar companies offer payment plans that allow the consumer to pay a monthly payment similar to what it costs for their electricity. Combining solar with energy efficiency, e.g. insulation, LED lights, turning off things like computers when not in use, etc., we can all enjoy low cost, renewable options that will enhance our lives rather than continuing down the road of assuming that non-renewable energy is the way to go. According to an IEA report, 'China alone is responsible for over 40% of global renewable capacity growth, which is largely driven by concerns about air pollution and capacity targets that were outlined in the country’s 13th five-year plan to 2020.' It's about time we become as progressive as other countries!


Local energy production is the best idea.


Cleaner electrical power is good for all of us. We naturally like clean air :-)


Solar energy fits perfectly for African nations energy needs.


When it comes, it often doesn't come with sufficient robustness... I see, so coming robustly is the key... I am a child. That is what I took out of this Ted Talk, thanks.


Power companies and the politicians in their pocket make it difficult to use more eco-friendly technology like solar. They need to rethink and allow more consumer solar and they can focus on industry. That's where the bigger $ is for them anyway.


I can't wait to see this near future.


Energy independence on an individual level... it's really exciting. Sure, at some point you want to connect to a smart grid. Find ways to save the energy for the night, power larger facilities with the energy of several individuals... It's an interesting approach and totally different from the centralized energy production we know in the first world.


Such an interesting video I added it to my favorites account and I'm going to go watch it again.


Nice talk. And he addressed the biggest issues with the questions at the end. Really look forward to seeing where this goes in Africa. In places like the U.S., the government and private market doesn't want to lose the revenue and control an infrastructure grid provides. 'We can shut you down if you don't pay us.' If we were running on solar panels on our roof and batteries in our houses, that control is gone. Of course, the benefits of localized power generation far outweigh a large grid. Imagine being able to have power throughout natural disasters like hurricanes. Imagine not having to develop communities around power poles and burying wire in the ground. You can have power anywhere, with no regard to distance from the power source. I really hope we have a power revolution in the next 10 years that gets power to those without it and cutting those with it off large grids at reasonable costs. Much better than fossil fuels and large wind and solar projects. Those types of facilities will still be needed for areas with less solar access, but drastically reduced.


When solar panels are combined with batteries, then it becomes interesting.


The 'democracy of energy'... great thought...


Great to recognize your British-Kenyan accent - lovely! Good job on the energy revolution.


Bravo! Hoping to be a small part of this journey!


Another thing that makes me excited is seeing that this video already has 15,000 views. Excellent.


Empowering message... the Sun is only going to get bigger and hotter... lol... SOLAR is well and truly the future. Thank you.


This is a great opportunity. Combining this with 3D printing and cold chains in agriculture and you can have a circular economy driven by clean energy.


Huge difference in consumption between Africa and USA. You show systems from $150-$300 while a typical off-grid system in the US would run about $25,000. The power demands in a typical US home come from AC/heat, water heater, stove/oven, well pump, refrigerator(s), freezers, TV's, computers, lights, fans, etc.


The reason solar goes so slowly is that its correct implementation is basically this way for everyone. The smart grid is the solution created by industry to ensure central power control remains. Solar is inherently distributed, and making it part of a grid actually takes extra work/expense, and of course batteries are needed for high-end self-sufficient