Brilliant presentation. Cleared it up for me there and I definitely see the necessity and application especially in the engineering field. Thanks, Karen.

Great talk, Karen!

I love the idea of getting info from fed algorithmic data inputs which is suitable here but some of what is being said is jargon.

Regarding aircraft, they already do that, just not in the same way. Regarding people, yes, individual comparisons to 'the original model' is very idealistic, but here's the problem with that: the original model is a newborn.

So clear and comprehensible even for non-native English bearer.

She was very thought-provoking.

Man, I've been predicting this since 'vector space' was coined!

Thanks, Karen.

Great explanation.

Great presentation.

This screams 'Future is Remote Work' just like NASA did remotely from office addressed problems in outer space. Electric Car can be shipped with digital twin too, displayed like Tamagotchi for user, digital model for manufacturer diagnostic, tracking changes. Ditto with those health bands for 'moon shot' medical advancements.

Ah yes, the warm inviting 'for your health' phase of dystopian tech!

Digital twins can train robots, test cars, planes and other vehicles before they enter the real world and predict how cancer tumors might grow or how a cancer tumor might respond to radiotherapy treatment or predict how an Antarctic ice sheet might flow under certain temperatures or how a fridge might function! This technology can really change many areas of the world and help with work in many industries across all fields!

Very high-quality appearance, Indonesia is present.

Awesome.

Thanks.

For me it's very inexplicable that we are talking about the Apollo program in the 60s-70s years where digital twins have already existed and astronauts thankfully this simulation technology could get back to the earth. And afterward, we are talking that it is very challenging to make something like that?

The power of the revolution. Eternal havoc.

We are just at the last point in human history before AI is far smarter and more capable than us. Just before machines can literally read our minds. If you think that sounds crazy, Google it. AI is already capable of mind reading. We are free to travel and live in relative peace and almost anything is possible. We are the last lucky generation. In 50 years there is no version of the world in which we are not enslaved by technology. Or enslaved by a few powerful men controlling technology.

Ahhhhhh, Clarity. Well Spoken.

It's a very useful business when you rename an old terminology with a fancy name and claim for new tech. Rename CAE, Simulation, GIS, and BIM to Digital twin and there you go.

'Aircraft' example is Us.

tic prediction for TVZ.

All collected data can be used against Us the people in bad hands.

Never thought Lara Croft’s boobs in Tomb Raider 1 could predict the future. Not in the new games though, you can’t predict anything with those.

Think of digital twins of people's psychological state ... and Good Morning 'Minority Report.'

Nemám žiadne smart watch, ani ich nebudem mať.

Well explained and presented, Karen. I'd like to ask if we live in a world where we can trust people wielding such technology. There is no such integrity to be seen and felt. The system is not transparent in its dealings and now is actually a dangerous time for such aspirations. Just use it for your own recreation I guess. There's no hurry to experiment and learn in space with such potent tech. This is trying to introduce an automated technology with implications that are not yet fully declared and understood by many. I'm okay with the whole sensor and algorithm functioning together. That's fine. Just what if this field expands on to other areas of life and you just justify collecting personal information in the name of data? Are you even aware what data about a person's health and movement patterns can reveal and compromise? This does not smell like betterment. You'd do better if you really meant helping humans. That is soulless.

Future predictions with computers and models is nothing new, it’s going to get more complex as digital computers will slowly be replaced with quantum computers that can map out more possibilities than the digital ones.

Predict the future, wow, that's a new one, never has anyone tried that before. I'm sure by now it's all working and with the help of AI we no longer have to care about the details...

Wait, do you think cryptocurrency will crash? I don’t think so. More and more companies are integrating cryptocurrency into their operations: Amazon, Cannafarm Ltd, Burger King, even Starbucks, dude!

They can predict our lives! In the 'WestWorld' show. Caleb's life
